脚本启动于 2016年09月28日 星期三 15时28分51秒
weikuan@bluenose:~/csci2132/a2$ cat TomSawyer.txt |grep 'door'
She went to the open door and stood in it and looked out among the
But Tom did not wait for the rest. As he went out at the door he said:
fire-crackers, a kitten with only one eye, a brass door-knob, a
moment on the steps and then moved toward the door. Tom heaved a great
out at one door as she brought song and sunshine in at the other.
outside the door and set the basin on a little bench there; then he
and began to wipe his face diligently on the towel behind the door. But
tree-box on top of it for a steeple. At the door Tom dropped back a step
the other aisle; he crossed before the doors; he clamored up the
Huckleberry came and went, at his own free will. He slept on doorsteps
uneasy, for a while, glancing at the door, every now and then, hoping
Becky began to suspect. She ran to the door; he was not in sight; she
through the open door and fell grateful and exhausted in the sheltering
Red-Handed was dreaming of his doorsteps and empty hogsheads. But they
door. Tom went to the door and began to softly lift the latch; then he
pressed gently and the door yielded a crack; he continued pushing
``Why, that door's open, I believe. Why, of course it is. No end of
straightway made his stealthy exit, latching the door behind him.
the church door creaked; the minister raised his streaming eyes above
``And it seems to me that you said, 'Why, I believe that that door --'''
believed the door was open.''
Now, as Becky was passing by the desk, which stood near the door, she
Tom Sawyer stepped in at the door and caught a glimpse of the picture.
through the door and fly. But his resolution shook for one little
its fences gone long ago, rank weeds smothering the very doorsteps, the
crept to the door and took a trembling peep. They saw a weed-grown,
``Keep still! Don't you budge! They're coming right toward the door.''
voice; they sat down on the ground, facing the door, with their backs to
``I'll tell you. The back door of that No. 2 is the door that comes out
of a brick store. Now you get hold of all the door-keys you can find,
at a distance and the other the tavern door. Nobody entered the alley or
left it; nobody resembling the Spaniard entered or left the tavern door.
open comes the door! It warn't locked! I hopped in, and shook off the
hillside -- an opening shaped like a letter A. Its massive oaken door
door closed softly. He sprang to the corner of the brick store. The next
reached the Welshman's. He banged at the door, and presently the heads
``Huckleberry Finn, indeed! It ain't a name to open many doors, I judge!
groping up the hill and rapped gently at the old Welshman's door. The
``It's a name that can open this door night or day, lad! -- and
been applied in his case before. The door was quickly unlocked, and he
Just as breakfast was completed there was a knock at the door. Huck
``Because I had its big door sheathed with boiler iron two weeks ago,
When the cave door was unlocked, a sorrowful sight presented itself in
dead, with his face close to the crack of the door, as if his longing
foundation-beam of the door had been chipped and hacked through, with
squeezed his body under the door, and he knew it. So he had only hacked
Mr. Jones left the wagon near the door and followed.
Huck right at my door, and so I just brought them along in a hurry.''
helped him to the door with several kicks. ``Now go and tell auntie if
Tom ran out of doors. The company looked at each other with a perplexed
cellar-door for -- well, it 'pears to be years; I got to go to church
weikuan@bluenose:~/csci2132/a2$ exit
exit

Script done on 2016年09月28日 星期三 15时28分59秒
